<b>Game Mario</b>

My game is based on the Mario game and consists of four levels. The first level is quite simple: Mario must reach the right side of the screen to score points. There are four rockets as obstacles, moving up and down. If Mario gets in the way of a rocket, he will collide and lose one of his five lives. If Mario successfully reaches the end of the screen, he will score a point, and the rocket speed will increase, making the game progressively harder. The goal of this level is to score five points. Upon reaching five points, a screen will indicate the next level.

In the second level, there are pipes on the sides that launch rockets, adding two more obstacles. Now there are three vertical rockets that fall and two horizontal rockets that move across the screen. The goal of this level is to collect ten stars that appear in the corners of the screen. To avoid the horizontal rockets, I implemented a crouch function for Mario. If he doesn't crouch and a rocket hits him, he will lose a life and respawn in the center of the screen. The same applies to the vertical rockets.

After completing the second level, we move to the third level, inspired by a Donkey Kong level where Donkey Kong is the main opponent. The goal is to collect a coin from Donkey Kong. To reach the coin, Mario must climb several flights of stairs to reach the top floor where the coin and Donkey Kong are. The obstacles in this level are barrels thrown by Donkey Kong, coming from the edges of the screen depending on the floor Mario is on. If Mario is hit by a barrel, he will lose a life and return to the beginning of that floor. As Mario progresses, the barrels' speed will increase, raising the level's difficulty. After collecting the coin, Mario will advance to the next level.

The fourth and final level features Bowser as the final opponent, whom Mario must defeat. To win this level, Mario must survive until the bombardment arrives and defeats Bowser. The level consists of obstacles falling from the sky and fireballs thrown by Bowser, with smaller ones falling from the sky and larger ones hurled by Bowser. The objective of this level is to survive for two minutes until the bombardment hits Bowser. After hitting Bowser, a screen will indicate the game's victory. If Mario loses all his lives in any level, a "Game Over" screen will appear, indicating the game's defeat. Simply restart the game and try again. The game is simple but very fun to play.
